docs(input-validation):document validation mode options (#610)
telerik/blazor-docs: common-features/input-validation.md

The UI for Blazor suite supports and integrates seamlessly into Blazor's Forms and Validation infrastructure. All Telerik UI for Blazor Input components work out of the box when placed inside an `EditForm`, respond to `EditContext` changes and provide default invalid styles.

In this article:

* [Validation Basics](#validation-basics)

> * [Validation Mode for Simple Inputs](#validation-mode-for-simple-inputs)

Reviewer: Consider making this plural - modes. This will encourage the reader to check the available options and reduce wondering what a validation mode is by itself.

Author: Updated.

}
````

## Validation Mode for Simple Inputs

> Simple textbox-like inputs provide an option to configure the event triggering their validation. You can customize that event through the `ValidateOn` parameter they expose. It takes a member of the `ValidationEvent` enum and provides the following options:

Reviewer: Maybe we should clarify which inputs are "simple". Is the ComboBox a simple input? What about a DateTimePicker?

```suggestion
Simple textbox-like inputs can trigger validation at different events. You can customize that through the `ValidateOn` parameter. It takes a member of the `ValidationEvent` enum and provides the following options:
```

> * `Input` - (the default) - triggers validation `OnInput`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Input` - (default) - triggers validation `OnInput`
```

> * `Change` - triggers validation `OnChange`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Change` - triggers validation on confirmed value change (`OnChange`)
```

The feature is supported by the following components treated as simple textbox-like inputs:

> * TextBox

Reviewer: How about alphabetic sorting?

Author: Updated.
